Confessor!
We are also Gemini.
Who's locked up there?
Dare to play an armed role for you.
Insulting Ninh.
He made us do it.
We don't want to offend you.
Yes, yes, it's obviously the Ming Sword, isn't it?
Throwing me out before the party started was also his plan.
That's right.
I don't have the guts.
Trend of inflammation
Falling to the rocks
Blame people.
This is the face of your families.
All day dog flies
I've never done anything good for the country.
What's the use of me keeping you?
Find your life.
Guys.
Self Cutting Line
Ly No Language
I'm the Lee family.
You can't replace me.
I just taught you how to talk.
If you don't make any distinctions in front of me,
There's nothing stopping you.
Can you believe it?
I will immediately kick you out of your home.
Ly Gia Hao is not your turn.